<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition>
    <p>RichFaces 4.x provides a clean api for popup panels and added non-modal state, so now its easy to use the popup panel
        for login, and seach panels. The examples below show both variants; login, and search, but of course you could use any
        content you wanted.</p>

    <p>At the bottom of the page is a description and information for RichFaces 3.3.X users who used rich:dropDownMenu
        components to accomplish this same task. If that was you - it is worth a read.</p>

    <p>
        The <b>rich:popupPanel</b> also allows you to pass options to the JavaScript show method such as: <b>min/max width
            and height</b>, specific <b>width and height</b>, <b>top and left</b> positions for the panel. So with <b>rich:hashParam</b>
        it's really simple to build declarative calls for the panel which can use dynamic properties.
    </p>

    <ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
    </ui:include>
    <p>
        In RichFaces 3.3.x many developers used the <b>rich:dropDownMenu</b> component for creation of Search/Login popups
        attached to toolbars. There were two main reasons for this:
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li>Simplicity of usage. No script positioning required. rich:dropDownMenu performs popup positioning on its own
            and was simple to customize by using <b>jointPoint</b> and <b>direction</b> attributes.</li>
        <li>RichFaces 3.3.x has no lightweight popup panel and <b>rich:modalPanel</b> usage for such cases required
            workarounds in order to make it non-modal</li>
    </ul>
    <p>But that approach also has some disadvantages:</p>
    <ul>
        <li><b>rich:dropDownMenu</b> component was created with additional JavaScript code for input processing inside the
            <b>rich:menuItem</b>'s. That is not really a native task for menus so that code was really superfluous from simple
            menus point of view.</li>
        <li>Developer still had to work on styling of menu item removing hover effects and making it looks like panel
            rather than menuItem</li>
    </ul>
    <p>
        We think that the new features of the <b>rich:popupPanel</b> are an excellent replacement for this and hope you will
        consider updating to it.
    </p>
</ui:composition>

</html>