<!--
  JBoss, Home of Professional Open Source
  Copyright 2013, Red Hat, Inc. and individual contributors
  by the @authors tag. See the copyright.txt in the distribution for a
  full listing of individual contributors.

  This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
  published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of
  the License, or (at your option) any later version.

  This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
  Lesser General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
  License along with this software; if not, write to the Free
  Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
  02110-1301 USA, or see the FSF site: http://www.fsf.org.
  -->

<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <p>
        JSF 2 provides a queuing mechanism out-of the box in order to sequence client side events with the built-in Ajax
        implementation. This queue is lacking in some very essential tuning options. The RichFaces <b>r:queue</b> provides
        these basic options in addition to other enhancements. There are two primary options available; 'requestDelay' and
        'ignoreDupResponse'. These are explained more in the example below.
    </p>

    <p>Many of the features of the RichFaces 3.3.X queue have been ported to RichFaces 4.0 version. However it is important
        to remember that the 4.0 queue is a logical queue on top of JSF's. There is only a single physical queue allowed and
        there is no way to override that (for now).</p>

    <p>In this example you can tweak different queue options and see what effect that has on the number of events fired, and
        how often the DOM is updated. This provides a good way to learn about Ajax requests flood protection.</p>

    <p>Attribute details:</p>
    <ul>
        <li><b>requestDelay</b> is the number of milliseconds to wait before sending a request in order to combine similar
            requests. The greater the value the fewer requests will be sent when fast typing. Similar requests in the queue are
            combined while waiting for the request delay</li>
        <li>If <b>ignoreDupResponse</b> is true then RichFaces will not waste time updating the client side DOM if it knows
            another request for the same thing is pending. The best way to see that in this demo is set requestDelay to a very
            small value and type quickly. You will see the number of DOM updates be smaller than requests sent.</li>
    </ul>

    <ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
    </ui:include>
    <p>
        <b>Queue scopes, and names:</b>
    </p>

    <p>You can define a queue so that it is the default queue for all requests from a complete view, a specific form, or
        even specific components.</p>
    <ul>
        <li><b>View scoped:</b> Place an <b>r:queue</b> with no name attribute outside of any form, and it will be the
            default queue for all requests on the page.</li>
        <li><b>Form scoped</b> Place a nameless <b>r:queue</b> within a form to make it the default queue for all
            requests within it.</li>
        <li><b>Named queue</b> Define an <b>r:queue</b> with a specific name. Then you can make any component, or
            behavior use that queue with the <b>r:attachQueue</b> component. See the next queue example for details.</li>
    </ul>
</ui:composition>

