<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition>
    <p>
        The <b>rich:panelMenu</b> component is used to create a collapsible side-menu panel. The component has a pre-defined
        look and feel which can be skinned. You can customize it with styles and a set of component attributes. This example
        demonstrates basic use of the <b>rich:panelMenu</b> component.
    </p>

    <ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
    </ui:include>
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="/WEB-INF/src/org/richfaces/demo/panelmenu/PanelMenuBean.java" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="java" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View PanelMenuBean Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide PanelMenuBean Source" />
    </ui:include>

    <p>
        The menu uses the parent component <b>itemChangeListener</b> to output the current selection. Alternatively, you could
        use an <b>action</b> and <b>actionListener</b> pair at each <b>rich:panelMenuItem</b> component to perform the
        navigation and process any <b>ActionEvent</b> events from there.
    </p>

    <p>
        Specify the item switching mode at the <b>rich:panelMenu</b> level with the <b>itemMode</b> attribute. The attribute can
        be redefined on child <b>rich:panelMenuItem</b> components, and is used instead of the global setting.
    </p>

    <p>
        Specify the group switching mode at the <b>rich:panelMenu</b> level with the <b>groupMode</b> attribute. The attribute
        can be redefined on child <b>rich:panelMenuGroup</b> components, and is used instead of the global setting.
    </p>

    <p>
        The <b>itemMode</b> and <b>groupMode</b> attributes can be set to three possible values:
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li><b>server</b> (default): A common submission of the form is performed and the page is completely refreshed.</li>
        <li><b>ajax</b>: An Ajax form submission is performed. Additionally, elements specified in the <b>render</b>
            attribute are rendered</li>
        <li><b>client</b>: No form submission is performed. The behavior is completely defined by the components nested in
            the menu items. Groups expand on the client side.</li>
    </ul>
</ui:composition>
</html>
