<!--
  JBoss, Home of Professional Open Source
  Copyright 2013, Red Hat, Inc. and individual contributors
  by the @authors tag. See the copyright.txt in the distribution for a
  full listing of individual contributors.

  This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
  published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of
  the License, or (at your option) any later version.

  This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
  Lesser General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
  License along with this software; if not, write to the Free
  Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
  02110-1301 USA, or see the FSF site: http://www.fsf.org.
  -->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:r="http://richfaces.org">

<ui:composition>
    <p>
        RichFaces provides a mechanism to apply <b>RichFaces skinning principles</b> to <b>standard components</b>!
    </p>

    <p>This feature provides styling for standard HTML form elements so that the share a commmon look'n'feel with RichFaces
        component skins. There are two general approaches to apply skins to these elements:</p>
    <ul>
        <li><b>Automatic:</b> Toggled via a <i>context param</i> this approach will attempt to skin many standard
            components using element names and type attributes where possible. No additional steps are required from an
            application developer.</li>
        <li><b>Manual:</b> RichFaces also provides a set of CSS style classes that can be manually assigned to controls.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>The automatic approach also has 2 levels of support:</p>
    <ol>
        <li><b>Standard</b> - customization of only basic style properties.</li>
        <li><b>Extended</b> - extends basic level introducing customizations of a broader number of style properties</li>
    </ol>
    <p>Skinning level is calculated automatically at server side depending on user agent info.</p>
    <r:panel>
        <b>NOTE:</b>Extended skinning is not applied to browsers with
        rich visual styling for controls (e.g. Opera and Safari). Also advanced
        level of skinning requires support of CSS 2 attribute selectors either
        as implicit type attributes for button/textarea elements (e.g. IE7 in
        standards compilant mode) or CSS 3 draft namespace selectors (e.g.
        Mozilla Firefox).
    </r:panel>

    <p>Here is a skinned form example. Note there is no styling in sources of that form</p>

    <r:panel id="panel" width="300" height="230">
        <f:facet name="header">
            Standard components skinning
        </f:facet>
        <i> All the controls below are just standard JSF components skinned with Rich Faces: </i>
        <hr />
        <h:form>
            <h:panelGrid columns="2">
                <h:outputText value="Enter Name:" />
                <h:inputText id="input" />
                <h:outputText value="Enter you interests:" />
                <h:inputTextarea cols="17" rows="3" />
                <h:outputText value="Choose your favourite color" />
                <h:selectOneMenu>
                    <f:selectItem itemLabel="Red" itemValue="0" />
                    <f:selectItem itemLabel="Black" itemValue="1" />
                    <f:selectItem itemLabel="Green" itemValue="2" />
                    <f:selectItem itemLabel="White" itemValue="3" />
                </h:selectOneMenu>
            </h:panelGrid>
            <hr />
            <h:commandButton value="Action Button" />
            <h:commandLink value="Action Link" />
        </h:form>
    </r:panel>

    <p>
		For more details on this setup and configuration of these features (including how to selectively disable skinning) please
		review <a href="http://www.jboss.org/richfaces/docs">RichFaces documentation</a>.
	</p>
</ui:composition>

</html>