<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition>
    <p>
        The <b>a4j:mediaOutput</b> component allows images, video, sounds, and other binary resources to be displayed as defined
        by a user on the fly.
    </p>

    <p>
        The <b>createContent</b> attribute references the method that is used for creating content. The method accepts two
        parameters:
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li>The <b>OutputStream</b> parameter is a reference to the stream that is used for output.</li>
        <li>The second parameter is a reference to the <b>value</b> attribute of the component.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>
        The <b>value</b> attribute references data that can be used as input data for the content creator method. The data
        should be serializable since it is encoded as the URL of the resource.
    </p>

    <p>
        The <b>mimeType</b> attribute defines the type of output content. It is used to define the corresponding type in the
        header of an HTTP response.
    </p>

    <p>
        The <b>cacheable</b> attribute is a flag that defines the caching strategy. If <b>cacheable</b> is set to false, the
        response will not be cached. If set to true, it will be cached and the serialized value of the <b>value</b> attribute is
        used as a cache key.
    </p>

    <p>
        This example reads the existing image and re-indexes the palette using colors you selected below.
    </p>
    <ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
    </ui:include>
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="/WEB-INF/src/org/richfaces/demo/mediaOutput/MediaBean.java" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="java" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View MediaBean Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide MediaBean Source" />
    </ui:include>
</ui:composition>

</html>
