<!--
  JBoss, Home of Professional Open Source
  Copyright 2013, Red Hat, Inc. and individual contributors
  by the @authors tag. See the copyright.txt in the distribution for a
  full listing of individual contributors.

  This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
  published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of
  the License, or (at your option) any later version.

  This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
  Lesser General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
  License along with this software; if not, write to the Free
  Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
  02110-1301 USA, or see the FSF site: http://www.fsf.org.
  -->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition>
    <p>
        The <b>r:togglePanel</b> is a core component for all switchable panels in RichFaces. It renders a sequence of panels
        based on state that can be switched (toggled) by a behavior called <b>r:toggleControl</b>. All of these other panels
        (e.g. tabPanel, accordion, etc...) share the basic sets a features defined below.
    </p>

    <p>
        The <b>switchType</b> attribute defines the strategy used to toggle between panels. The possible values for this
        attributes are:
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li><b>client</b> - switching happens on the client without any request to the server. A jsf form is not required
            in this mode</li>
        <li><b>ajax</b> - when states are switched, the content of new states comes from the server via Ajax requests.</li>
        <li><b>server</b> - the whole page is reloaded when states are switched</li>
    </ul>
    <p>There is also a very useful set of shortcut toggle values that allow you to create many custom effects like wizards.
        See the other switchable panel examples. Available shortcuts are defined below:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>@next</li>
        <li>@prev</li>
        <li>@first</li>
        <li>@last</li>
    </ul>
    <p>
        A <b>r:togglePanel</b> has no default appearance, and allows you to customize it's look-n-feel any way you like. You
        create a set of child <b>r:togglePanelItem</b>'s with any content you want inside of them.
    </p>

    <p>As the component does not provide any predefined layout it could be used for creation of any kind of switchable
        panels. This example is a very simple tabbed pane organized using that component:</p>
    <ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
    <br/>
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
    </ui:include>
</ui:composition>

</html>