<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

    <ui:composition>
        <rich:panel styleClass="vdlPanel" bodyClass="vdlPanelBody">
            <a href="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_5_X/vdldoc/index.html?rich/validator.html">VDL documentation</a><br/>
            <a href="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_5_X/Component_Reference/en-US/html_single/#richvalidator" class="ref">Component Reference</a>
        </rich:panel>
        <p>
            The <b>RichFaces Client Validation</b> feature allows you to have true client side validation without writing a single
            line of JavaScript!
        </p>

        <p>
            The standard JSF validators and JSR-303 (bean validation) constraints will be available on the client side just by
            adding <b>&lt;rich:validator/&gt;</b> to the desired inputs. If you are using any custom validators or extensions such
            as from hibernate an Ajax fallback mechanism will be used triggered. This will be basically seamless to the user, as an
            Ajax request will handle that specific validation. In future versions we plan to implement additional extensions such as
            these including custom client side validation. The behavior will try to execute all client validators available and then
            send an Ajax request to get results from server side if needed.
        </p>

        <p>In this example we are using Bean Validation constraints and checking them at the client, so no requests are fired
            when typing values in the fields.</p>
        <ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
        <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
            <ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
            <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
            <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
        </ui:include>
        <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="src" value="/WEB-INF/src/org/richfaces/demo/validation/ValidationBean.java" />
            <ui:param name="sourceType" value="java" />
            <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View ValidationBean Source" />
            <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide ValidationBean Source" />
        </ui:include>
        <fieldset>
            <legend>
                <b>Notes:</b>
            </legend>
            <ul>
                <li>Some JSR-303 validators are not yet implemented for various reasons (localization primarily). As we
                    complete these implementations they will work transparently after upgrading, plus Ajax fallbacks will work fine
                    for these, so there is no reason not to start using them now!</li>
                <li>In future versions custom client side validators will be possible, and we'll update our examples to
                    showcase them.</li>
            </ul>
        </fieldset>
    </ui:composition>
</html>