<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition>
	<p>The <b>rich:panelMenu</b> component is used to define a
	collapsible side-menu panel. The component has a pre-defined skinable
	look-n-feel. You can customize it with styles and a set of component
	attributes. The folowing demo shows the example of rich:panelMenu</p>

	<ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
	<ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
		<ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
		<ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
		<ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
		<ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
	</ui:include>
	<p>That menu uses parent component <b>itemChangeListener</b> to
	output current selection but you could use <b>action/actionListener</b>
	pair at <b>panelMenuItem</b>'s as usually to perform navigation and
	process ActionEvent from them</p>
	<p>Switching mode could be chosen with the <b>itemMode</b>
	attribute for all panelMenu items except ones where this attribute was
	redefined.</p>
	<p>The <b>groupMode</b> attribute defines the submission modes for
	all collapsing/expanding panelMenu groups except ones where this
	attribute was redefined.</p>
	<p>The <b>itemMode </b>and <b>groupMode </b>attributes could be
	used with three possible parameters:</p>
	<ul>
		<li><b>server</b> (default) - The common submission of the form
		is performed and a page is completely refreshed.</li>
		<li><b>ajax</b> - An Ajax form submission is performed, and
		additionally specified elements in the "reRender" attribute are
		reRendered</li>
		<li><b>client</b> Items don't fire any submits itself. Behavior
		is completely defined by the components nested to items. Groups expand
		on the client side.</li>
	</ul>
</ui:composition>
</html>