<!--
  JBoss, Home of Professional Open Source
  Copyright 2013, Red Hat, Inc. and individual contributors
  by the @authors tag. See the copyright.txt in the distribution for a
  full listing of individual contributors.

  This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
  under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
  published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of
  the License, or (at your option) any later version.

  This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
  Lesser General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
  License along with this software; if not, write to the Free
  Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA
  02110-1301 USA, or see the FSF site: http://www.fsf.org.
  -->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition>
	<p><b>r:autocomplete</b> component could be used to show complex
	popups with suggestions. You need to remember next points to use it in
	that way:</p>
	<ul>
		<li>Passing custom objects instead of just String's to list
		requires you to define <b>var</b> attribute (similar as using table
		components). That variable will be used while iterating the
		suggestions and encoding the popup using your custom layout.</li>
		<li>As it was just mentioned you're responsible for popup markup
		definition in that case and should use nested components for that.</li>
		<li>Type of the layout encoded using nested components should be
		defined using <b>layout</b> attribute. Possible values are <i>'list'</i>
		(suggestions wrapped to HTML unordered list), <i>'div'</i> (default
		one, suggestions wrapped with just div element) and <i>'table'</i>
		(suggestions are encoded as table rows, columns definition required in
		that case).</li>
		<li>Using <b>fetchValue</b> attribute you should define the
		String which should be inserted to input after some row get selected.
		If not defined just your object <b>toString()</b> method used.</li>
	</ul>
	<ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
	<ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
		<ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
		<ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
		<ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
		<ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
	</ui:include>
	<fieldset><legend><b>Note:</b></legend> <i>Both samples
	are using <b>autocompleteList</b> to populate data, however it will
	works the same for <b>autocompleteMethod</b> too.</i></fieldset>

</ui:composition>

</html>