<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<ui:composition>
    <p>
        The calendar may also use a special data model to provide data for element rendering. You can re-define the default
        calendar model using the <i>dataModel</i> attribute and point to an object that implements the CalendarDataModel
        interface.
    </p>

    <p>In this example we are using a custom data model to implement the following rules:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>Weekend days are disabled and use bold and italic text style.</li>
        <li>Tuesdays and Thursdays are disabled, and grayed out to represent busy days.</li>
        <li>All the values in the past are disabled and styled as boundary dates.</li>
    </ul>
    <ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
    </ui:include>
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="/WEB-INF/src/org/richfaces/demo/calendar/model/CalendarModel.java" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="java" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View CalendarModel Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide CalendarModel Source" />
    </ui:include>
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="/WEB-INF/src/org/richfaces/demo/calendar/model/CalendarModelItem.java" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="java" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View CalendarModelItem Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide CalendarModelItem Source" />
    </ui:include>
    <p>There are two primary interfaces that make up the calendar data model.</p>

    <p>
        <i>CalendarDataModel</i>:
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li><b>CalendarDataModelItem[] getData(Date[])</b> is called every time when components need the next block of
            CalendarDataItems. That may happen when the calendar is rendered, or when you navigate to the next/previous month or
            in any other case when the calendar is rendered. This method is called in Ajax mode when the calendar renders for a
            new page.</li>
    </ul>
    <p>
        <i>CalendarDataModelItem</i>:
    </p>
    <ul>
        <li><b>Boolean isEnabled()</b> returns "true" if date is "selectable" on the calendar, the default implementation
            returns "true"</li>
        <li><b>String getStyleClass()</b> returns "String" that is appended to a style class for the date span. For example
            it may be "relevant holiday" that means a class looks like "rich-cal-day relevant holiday". The default
            implementation returns an empty string.</li>
    </ul>
</ui:composition>

</html>