<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

<ui:composition>
    <rich:panel styleClass="vdlPanel" bodyClass="vdlPanelBody">
        <span style="font-weight: bold; font-size: 12px">VDL Documentation</span>
        <ul style="margin: 4px 0 0 0; padding-left: 20px;">
            <li><a href="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_5_X/vdldoc/index.html?rich/dragSource.html">rich:dragSource</a></li>
            <li><a href="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_5_X/vdldoc/index.html?rich/dropTarget.html">rich:dropTarget</a></li>
        </ul>
        <span style="font-weight: bold; font-size: 12px; margin-top: 4px; padding-top: 4px; border-top: 2px solid; display: inline-block">Component Reference</span>
        <ul style="margin: 4px 0 0 0; padding-left: 20px;">
            <li><a href="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_5_X/Component_Reference/en-US/html_single/#richdragSource">rich:dragSource</a></li>
            <li><a href="http://docs.jboss.org/richfaces/latest_4_5_X/Component_Reference/en-US/html_single/#richdropTarget">rich:dropTarget</a></li>
        </ul>
    </rich:panel>
    <p>
        The Richfaces Drag-n-Drop component suite includes three components: <b>rich:dragSource</b>, <b>rich:dropTarget</b>, and
        <b>rich:dragIndicator</b>.
    </p>

    <p>
        This example demonstrates the basic features of the RichFaces drag and drop mechanism. You can mark several different
        components as 'draggable' with the <b>rich:dragSource</b> component and define drag types with the <b>type</b>
        attribute. Then, add corresponding drop zones with the <b>rich:dropTarget</b> and use the <b>acceptType</b> attribute to
        define which drop zone corresponds to the dragged elements.
    </p>

    <ui:include src="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="#{demoNavigator.sampleIncludeURI}" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="xhtml" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide Source" />
    </ui:include>
    <ui:include src="/templates/includes/source-view.xhtml">
        <ui:param name="src" value="/WEB-INF/src/org/richfaces/demo/dragdrop/DragDropBean.java" />
        <ui:param name="sourceType" value="java" />
        <ui:param name="openLabel" value="View DragDropBean Source" />
        <ui:param name="hideLabel" value="Hide DragDropBean Source" />
    </ui:include>

    <p>
        The <b>rich:dragSource</b> component defines the JSF component that becomes draggable. If you want to add a draggable
        feature to an existing component, attach <b>rich:dragSupport</b> as a child component.
    </p>

    <p>
        The <b>rich:dropTarget</b> component is used to define the drop zone. The <b>rich:dropTarget</b> component has a
        built-in Ajax support: it can send an Ajax request and render the specified area on a page when the Ajax response is
        returned.
        <!--
      With the <b>dropListener
      </b>attribute you can point to a method of the backing bean that accepts <b>
      DropEvent </b>as a parameter. This event contains information provided by <b>
      dropValue </b>and <b>dragValue </b>attributes of dropSupport and
      dragSupport.
      -->
    </p>

    <p>
        The <b>rich:dragIndicator</b> is a visual representation of a dragged object. The markup can be defined the markup of
        the indicator using nested components. By default, if the component is not defined a copy of the dragged elements are
        created.
    </p>

    <fieldset>
        <legend>Note:</legend>
        This example shows basic usage without an indicator defined. We are just using predefined CSS classes to customize the
        appearance for different states.
    </fieldset>

    <p>
        Note that the parent component for the <b>rich:dragSource</b> and <b>rich:dropTarget</b> components should be designed
        to render its children, and should have the <b>mouseover</b> and <b>mouseout</b> event attributes. You can use <b>a4j:outputPanel</b>
        as a container if the component does not satisfy these requirements. Use <b>&lt;a4j:outputPanel layout="block"&gt;</b>
        to wrap the component with a block layout.
    </p>

    <p>The following example demonstrates the drag-and-drop functionality in practice. The left list contains the examples
        of Ajax frameworks. Do you know them? The demonstration helps you to sort them out. Drag an item over the headers of the
        other three panels. If the draggable framework is suitable for a certain framework family, it will be accepted and moved
        from the source list to the target list.</p>
</ui:composition>
</html>
